Document "autowake" feature flag (#797)
okteto/docs: src/content/self-hosted/helm-configuration.mdx

- `clientID`: Overrides `auth.*.clientID`.
- `clientSecret`: Overrides `auth.*.clientSecret`.

> ### regcredsManager

Author: I also reordered the `regcredsManager` section to follow alphabeticalorder

In this case, pods deployed in namespaces created by Okteto will have a preferred affinity to land on preemptive nodes.

### autowake

> When enabled, Okteto wakes sleeping namespaces when there is an incoming request to any of the public endpoints of the namespace (default: `true`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, Okteto wakes up sleeping Namespaces upon receiving an incoming request to any of the Namespace's public endpoints (default: true).
```
